Hey, good morning family. Thank you for joining me today. Well, there's a lot of Weather Warfare Warning going on with all the weather that I've told you all was coming.
Weather warfare. I'll just jump right into what I have for you, but I'm telling you all, I saw weapons of weather warfare.
Now, people are saying this is seeding. Are they seeding and causing this?
This was something that we've never seen before—governments inflicting warfare against the weather.
Now, to what extent and how far it goes, I'm telling you all, we've never seen what's about to take place before.
As we see Texas, as we see Mexico, as we see Chicago, we see all in the last week, ever since I gave this word, I mean, what is it, over eight days ago or whatever, when I warned you all about weather warfare and I said I saw weather warfare.
I saw that, and trying to gain control and yield it as a weapon, they're going to lose control.
And it's exactly what's happening. Mexico, the houses are floating down the road in just a matter of hours.
Rains coming down in record numbers. It's to the point where it's almost like biblical stuff.
You know, you go, 'What in the world is going on?'But it's happening all over the place.
And this is exactly what I was trying to tell you all was coming in the vision.
I said, 'I see a manipulation of the weather,'and I saw straight-line winds that will exceed anything we've ever seen before.
You think this rain is something, and it's the floods and the rivers overflowing and 20 inches of rain in a couple of hours, 5 in, 6 in flooding the streets, and I saw wind gusts that will exceed anything we've ever seen before—hurricanes when they form that will be the strongest, most dangerous hurricanes in history.
And the Lord said, 'You must intercede for the weather, for it will get out of control.'But I saw—I don't know how they're doing it, with satellites or with some kind of instrumentation that's causing this weather to do what.
Now, people say this is seeding the weather. No, I saw something more sinister.
It was something bigger than spraying a chemical in the atmosphere.
This was something made by some kind of war machine. And I know that sounds sci-fi and that may sound really out there.
But you're seeing fruit of what I've told you. You're seeing fruit of what I told you.
I'm just not making this stuff up. I get this in prayer by the Spirit of God to warn you what's coming.
And you're seeing fruit of it again by His grace. He's the one that's telling.
I'm telling you all, it's amazing because even with the stuff I told you about with the genetically splicing human DNA and creating superhumans and all this, we haven't seen any of that in the news and I don't know if we ever will.
I mean, that's pretty wild stuff. We probably will see—I know we'll see the woolly mammoth and the saber-tooth tiger and things like that in the days ahead because the Lord said we would.
But when it comes to trying to create superhumans and those things, now this is what the Lord has had me praying over today.
He said, 'Remember the moon.'I said, 'Watch the moon around the 10th.'This is a significant timeframe in the spirit realm during the full moon.
Watch the moon. What is that? Yep. Great shaking. Great shaking. I see it.
Then I saw a full moon and I saw the moon, and it was over New York, and it was coming up, and I could see a full moon in the sky, and I said, 'Watch the moon,'and I thought, 'What was that about?'How many times I've talked about that over the last couple of videos, even on the livestream I did.
But I saw the 10th and it was highlighted to me. This is a time of decision-making, and I saw shaking.
I saw planning and plotting with war and all this escalation of things.
And you know, I had no idea that Bibi Benjamin Netanyahu was going to come the 7th, 8th, and 9th. He left last night.
Sister Billy Brim, she texted me and she said, 'I got tickets to go and eat dinner with him out of 50-some people,'right? And she's a prayer warrior.
I'm talking—you talk about a prayer warrior—Billy Brim is one of the greatest prayer warriors of this generation, ever.
Just having her there praying is symbolic, I'm telling you, prophetically. So, we're seeing it. It's the timeframe of the full moon.
Yes, it didn't happen on the full moon, which is on the 10th, but it was the 7th, 8th, and 9th.
And the Lord said, 'Watch this timeframe.'And I thought, 'Lord, oh, what a plan.
Oh, what a planner.'Just like Sister Billy always says, we're right there, folks. Something major is happening this week.
As the full moon, just like He told me, 'Watch this timeframe,'Benjamin Netanyahu comes.
Boom, boom, boom. Three days he's here. Then we see all this about a peace accord. And the Lord's warning me about a peace accord.
The Lord's warning me about escalation with Russia, and He shows me all these things of Cuba.
And you know, you just watch these videos of the things that I've gotten out of prayer and what He keeps warning us over and over and over.
Timeframes to pray: September, from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah, an acceleration of things.
So, I just want you to know, you know, yeah, it's not the 10th, but it's the week.
Look at what happened significantly this week in the White House.
A foundation is being laid for a peace accord, for a covenant of many.
I believe that's what we're about to see: peace agreements and negotiations of building the Third Temple.
Trump and him are bouncing ideas. They're coming up with things.
And He says, 'Some of these things I do not agree with, and they're an open door for destruction, and some of this will happen.'There was like the Lord was telling me pray about these, that they're making decisions.
They're not set in stone yet. These decisions are—I want to say this—these decisions are not set in stone yet.
The framework of the decision is being made as we speak. The foundation of the decisions is coming to the table right now is what the Lord was showing me.
And He said, 'Because of these decisions, they're make-or-break things.'When I told you if they split Jerusalem, He said He would split America down the New Madrid.
I saw the Mississippi River being completely decimated. We're seeing the birthing pains.
And He said, 'Remember what I told you last Rosh Hashanah? Remember what I told you about Adam's lease? I show you what's coming in the future.
We don't see any kind of change as we're seeing right now.'Last Rosh Hashanah He said things would accelerate, but Adam's lease, He said, is coming up.
And as I was praying into September, He said, 'I circled September for a reason to you,'and there was a fog over it.
There's change coming—great change, great financial change is coming. And He warned me to pray into the 21st of September again.
Praying about the 21st of September, praying about the fall, praying about the fourth quarter, praying about acceleration of war, praying about this peace agreement, the covenant of many with the Arab nations.
I saw the Arab nations coming alongside saying, 'Hey, we agree to a peace agreement, a peace accord with Israel.
A Third Temple can be built, but you have to give so much land.
You have to give this stuff.'And I'm telling you, I was praying into this.
And the Lord told me, He said, 'An acceleration's coming.'But Adam's lease is coming up.
It's about to be up. Do you understand, ladies and gentlemen?
What I thought was last, when I'm looking in the spirit, it looks like it's right in front of your face.
But the Lord told me, He said, 'Brandon, when you're looking in the spirit there, there's no time,'is what I'm trying to tell you.
When you're hearing and you're seeing, you're going, 'Oh, it's right now.'But he showed me Adam's lease coming up.
And he showed me all spiritual boundaries were changing in the spirit realm.
It was a totally different alignment than what we see right now.
And he said, "I told you all you needed was a sliver of time."I saw Satan slithering on his belly trying to create, saying, "Hey, it's my time to rule for the seven-year tribulation.
It's my time. You've got to give—Adam's lease is up and you've got to give me my rights now."Right?
And I saw him slithering trying to create the beast system, the Antichrist agenda, all the things that we know are coming.
He was trying to accelerate it. But the Lord said, "I'm giving you a window.
I'm giving you a little sliver of time. All you need is seconds in the spirit realm for a great revival, Brandon.
For this will be a window for a great revival. And all you need is this much time in the spirit."It was just like seconds.
And in those seconds, he said, "Watch what I will do for the greatest harvest you've ever seen."I saw angelic host—like what you see with Daniel when he had to pray and the prince of Persia was coming against him.
I saw angelic hosts without any kind of demonic disturbance.
Like they were just—I don't know how else to describe it to you—things that he was bringing up to me even tonight. He said, "Brandon, you will have to resist healing.
It would be that easy to tap into it."What has taken a lot of cultivation of praying over to get the manifestation for some folks, it will be like picking ripe cherries off a tree.
It will be like going out in an orchard and picking fruit because it's just low-hanging fruit.
Low-hanging fruit, when there's so much pressure and there's been so much resistance sometimes believing for certain things.
He said it would be low-hanging fruit, like it was with the children of Israel.
They all left healed and whole and well. They left with their sandals not wearing out or their clothes wearing out.
Everything they had was in abundant supply. But they left with the goods and the silver and the gold. They left with everything. They had an abundant supply.
And the Lord was bringing up to me, he said, "Brandon, I'm going to do it again—an abundant supply over my children that are with me, that will just say yes."I'm telling you, we're about to see things.
You know, I know a lot of the elderly generation, they've seen a lot. But we're about to see things we've never seen before.
And it's going to be a shock and awe to a lot of people because they're the pioneers.
They till the soil. They've got the soil ready. And a lot of them were weary in well-doing that it's a lot of work.
But the Lord showed me what's about to happen will be effortless, sweatless victories.
I want you to hear me: sweatless victories where you sweat by toil and you're having to work the ground, you have to work really hard to get it.
It will be sweatless victories what's about to take place, ladies and gentlemen, across this earth.
Sweatless victories where you're just going, "This is so easy.
It's just like hitting an oil well and it's on the very top surface, and you could like, you know, Jed Clampett with the Beverly Hillbillies."You know, he's out there and he shoots the rabbit and the oil just starts coming up.
That's the way it's going to be. You're not going to have to—"Well, it was just by accident."No, it was just by the grace of God. Do you understand?
You're out there shooting the Holy Ghost rabbit, and you hit a gusher in the Holy Ghost, and you're going, "Well, that didn't take nothing."Sweatless victories, but it's not just a little bit of oil.
It's God's Holy Ghost and fire. And I'm telling you, it'll be bigger than what you've ever dreamed, hoped, imagined, or thought.
It's time to believe Him for big. He said, "My Adam's lease is coming up.
I warned you about this over a year ago."He said, "And I had forgotten about it."And he told me all the things.
He showed me the timeline. I call it the timeline. You can go back and watch it. He showed me where we are and all the generations before.
And he said, "You're living in a time—you're the closers, and you're living in the time that people believed for generations.
They believed to be where you are right now, and they weren't. But you're here. You're seeing the last of the last.
As you watch what's happening in the White House, as I speak to you, as I was driving around, as you watch what's happening in the days ahead, what happened with the meetings, the foundation is being laid for an end-time event."And I go, "My goodness, Lord, where we are right now, no generation has ever seen before."And so you have a lot of people that say, "Well, this is the way we've always done it.
This is the way we've done church. This is the way we've had church, and this is the way it's always going to be."And the Lord told me, he said, "A lot of them will be removed because they're blocking the flow of what I'm about to do.
And you'll see that older generation in the days ahead that will come on home with me. They finished their race.
And I'm raising up new ones that have no premeditated thoughts about what it's supposed to look like, how we're supposed to do it, or whatever.
They're just green like me."And he said, "I will do with you what I've not done with anybody else because you're green."I don't have any either.
I have not had anybody come along and try to mentor me. And the people that do, they seem to be like, "Yeah, okay.
I'll talk to you a little bit."That's why he said, "Brandon, I've called you to walk alone.
Just say what I've told you to say, and if you mess up, it's okay.
My grace is sufficient for you."And many people will try to poo-poo you: "You're not qualified.
You're not ready."And that's what's happened most of my whole life.
But he said, "Don't pay attention to them. Just keep rising up and excelling.
Just keep doing what I've called you to do by keeping your eyes on me.
Don't worry about what those church people try to do around you.
Don't worry about what they say. Honor the elders. Honor the people. And keep marching, soldier.
Know that I've called you for such a time as this."And that's what I keep doing, folks.
And that's what he keeps doing with me. But I'm telling you, an acceleration is here.
It's time for you to rise up out of the den of slumber, out of your slumber, out of your sleep, and know that Jesus Christ is coming and that He's coming back for a glorious church.
He said, "You're going to start to see people walk in deliverance ministries like you've never seen before."And some folks can get carried away and be flaky with it, but God will use a couple of flaky people and some fanatics versus some people that are dried up and religious like Pharisees.
He'll correct it along the way. But I'm trying to tell you, there's going to be great deliverances in the days ahead, without spot or wrinkle.
He's coming back for a church without spot or wrinkle. And there's a lot of people with demonic oppression that are walking around with bondage.
And the Lord told me, he said, "I've come to set the captives free, Brandon.
And you're going to see people walk in deliverance ministry like you've never seen before, setting the captives free."The spot and the wrinkle.
What is the spot? The spot is demonic oppression. The wrinkle is hidden sin.
I'm coming back for a church without hidden sin that doesn't have compromise, walking in the world and trying to walk with me, or with demonic oppression, walking around and going, "I'm in bondage to this.
I've got an addiction to this."That is a spot. And He's cleaning up the spots, and He's ironing out the wrinkles.
And you'll see great ministries rise up in the days ahead that have major deliverance ministries, a major outpouring of the Spirit of God like we've never seen before—healings, demonstrations, and manifestations.
I know I say that a lot, but I'm trying to paint a picture to you of what's about to happen. You say, "Well, Brandon, I've heard that my whole life.
I'm old now, and, you know, I'm really, quite frankly, tired of hearing it."I'm trying to tell you, sister; I'm trying to tell you, brother, that we are there.
And then I heard from Paul Begley on his channel that they sacrificed and burnt the red heifer and that they're getting ready.
They'll have the ashes prepared and all the things getting ready for the Third Temple.
Folks, do you see the signs of the times, watching the fig tree?
Jesus is coming, and they're getting ready to have the peace agreement to build the Third Temple.
I told Diana, "That should tell you right there, if Adam's lease is coming up and the things I've said."I know there's a lot of people that believe we're here for the whole tribulation.
There's a lot of people that believe we're here just until the first three and a half years—not for the great tribulation, but for the first three and a half years.
And then there's a lot of people that believe like I believe: that we're not here for any of the tribulation.
But I'm not dogmatic to always tell you, "I'm right."If we start to see the Antichrist come on the scene, then we've missed it.
And if he comes out and starts doing things, like the peace agreement and all that, and we're here for some of that and we see it, then we know that the people who are mid-tribbers—I'll just go with their boat, because I don't believe we're here for the full thing.
But I'm just telling you all, I believe in my heart, and still stand by it, that we're not here for any of the tribulation at all.
But look at what's happening. So we should be seeing a revival and a rapture of the church really soon.
And if this is where we are, the red heifer just got sacrificed.
It hadn't been done in over 2,000 years or whatever—that's a long time, thousands of years.
It hasn't happened, and we just did it, supposedly yesterday, while Benjamin is here talking about a peace agreement over Gaza and all that stuff.
I thought, "This is no coincidence."The war, the hook in the jaw, Gog and Magog, and all these things are all coming about soon.
We're just looking at all of it and going, "My goodness, folks.
Are you watching? Are you seeing the signs of the times? It's really time to look at things.
Look around us. What kind of a peace agreement are we about to see?
What kind of a major agreement with the Abraham Accords are we about to see?"Supposedly, there are 250 tremors on Mount Rainier in Washington, which is a major volcano that went off before.
There's all kinds of volcanic activity starting to pop up all on the western side, all where I'm telling you: British Columbia, all the way down through Seattle, and Oregon.
There are volcanoes that are starting to shake, and I told you about one in the ocean.
I'm telling you, folks, a major volcano is about to go off. I've seen it.
I've seen Mount Fuji completely blow its top and level out, and I'm telling you, a lot of people will go home that day.
I've seen a major one going off in Italy, and 300,000 people go home that day.
What is causing all this disturbance to the Earth's surface?
What is causing things to start to act this way? I'm telling you, it's a binary system.
I've warned you about a major binary system that even Pastor Paul Begley was talking about, that NASA has confirmed.
It's going to be on October 31st of this year; it passes in between us and Mars on October 31st of this year, folks. That's what's causing it.
Something huge is coming, and it's causing our poles and our Earth to shift and do things differently with the sun, because it's coming in between us.
What is this massive system that they're talking about on NASA's website? I don't know.
Most people probably think, "Oh, it's no big deal because it's not going to affect us."It will affect us.
I believe it will. I believe there are other things—stragglers coming behind it.
It may not be the main thing, but there are little friends that might show up, like little rocks that follow it.
I just feel there's something major because the Lord keeps bringing it up to me: "Brandon, you're about to see fearful sights that will bring them to their knees—a major shaking in the heavens."And I just keep adding it all up: Israel, volcanoes, major weird weather phenomena going on with all this rain.
Boom, boom, boom, boom! Folks, do you not see where we are? All we need is a major revival.
We need a major revival with a lot of people getting born again. I still believe a great shaking to awaken is happening.
But what if this three-and-a-half-years—this little window of opportunity going into the next seven years at the end of the Shemitah cycles, the ten-year window of the decade before that, and then after that ten years is over, all of it together—would be the beginning of the thousand-year reign?
What if we're that close to a decade window before we see something major—a new thousand-year reign with Jesus Christ?
All these things coming about so quickly. Some people go, "Oh, I don't believe it's going to happen that quickly."What if it does?
Are you ready for it? Are you prepared for what's coming? I just know that he said, "I'm standing at the door."How long do you think he can stand at the door in the spirit realm?
I don't know. Then Trump's media thing says, "Hey, he wants to buy an ETF for these major cryptocurrencies."And I'm like, "What is that going to do?
That's amazing."They applied for some kind of ETF for these major cryptocurrencies. I said, "Watch the summer months. Watch the BBB.
Watch all these things that are happening for a wealth transfer to start to begin, for an acceleration of a double, a triple, and a quadruple of certain cryptocurrencies."They're going to go overnight—boom, boom, boom, boom!
And he said, "I'll make decamillionaires overnight."And you say, "Well, how's that going to happen?
I'm just working on Social Security."I don't know. You need to ask the Holy Spirit for yourself.
Ask the Holy Spirit what you should be doing, because he said you'll lack no good thing.
Those that love him will lack no good thing, those that are worshiping him, those that are looking and honoring him with their tithing and their offerings—you'll lack no good thing.
God has made a way in the wilderness. He can provide the manna and the fish and the loaves.
Oh, look what he can provide—all that you need. Look at all that he's done in the Bible. And he's no respecter of persons.
And if he multiplies the widow's oil and pays the debt off and does all the things that he's done—the gold in the fish to pay the taxes, Peter's nets full, breaking the boat—I mean, my goodness, folks.
God is a God of an abundant supply. And I'm telling you, we are at the door of something amazing because every single time I'm praying over it, I can sense it.
Does anybody else—say in the comments down below—do you sense it? Do you sense something major is about to happen?
He's talking about a major revival in Asia, a major revival in America and around the world. Do you sense it?
I'm always curious about where people are at because, you know, I don't talk to a lot of folks.
I feel like I'm on the backside of the desert with Diana and the children, and we talk to folks every once in a while at church, but we really live a private life.
We don't have a lot of people that we talk to. And even the ones you talk to, they don't act like they get it.
They just kind of go, 'Okay, all right. Put that away, tuck that away a little bit.
That's a little out there, okay?'But you just keep marching.
You don't worry about what everybody else says. You just know that God's speaking to you.
And if they get it, they get it; if they don't, they don't. You're not here to try to sway or convince anybody.
He that has ears to hear what the Spirit is saying, let them hear.
That's what I'm learning. Other than that, I give the word of what the Lord has for you.
I say what he said. You don't need fluff. There's a lot of prophetic fluff.
There's a lot of people that, after they say something to you, you don't have a clue what they said.
So then they come back and say, 'Prophetic confirmation. I told you it was going to come.'But you go, 'Well, you said earthquakes were coming, brother.
Well, there's earthquakes every single year.'Or, 'Well, there are storms coming, brother.
There are storms every single year.'Be bolder and more declarative about the words God gives you to give.
Don't be afraid of the persecution you get from it. That's what the Lord's showing me. Paint the picture and make it plain.
Say what I say, say it with boldness, do it with accuracy, and be who I've called you to be.
Don't go, 'Well, I'm going to paint this huge thing and say all these words,'and then you go, 'What was that?'There's no confusion with Him.
It's black and white. Does that make sense? There's no gray.
God doesn't have words of confusion where you walk away going, 'I don't remember what that prophetic word was.'There's no question.
And I want you never to walk away and say, 'Brandon, I have questions about what you said.'No, I told you what was coming.
And if it's off, it's off, and you can throw eggs or whatever if it's off.
But at least I told you what I heard, and you don't have to question or scratch your head.
You go, 'Well, that was pretty black and white. Storms and manipulation of weather all over the place.
Weather warfare. It's obvious. There it is. It's happening.
That's black and white.'Major rains, major drought, major winds are coming beyond any comprehension, winds that you've never seen before.
Earthquakes in diverse places. Volcanoes going off. Boom.
Boom. The volcanoes are popping. And people go, 'Brandon, there's another volcano.'Yes.
He said there will be more volcanoes than you've ever seen. There will be big ones—big ones that disrupt flights.
Watch Italy. Watch these places. And the Lord's trying to warn you all.
Watch what's coming in the sky. That's another thing. Watch what's coming.
Fearful sights you will see in the days ahead that will bring you to your knees.
Men's hearts will fail them for fear, looking after those things that are coming on the earth, for the powers of heaven will be shaken.
And he told me, he said, 'Brandon, these are the beginning of sorrows.'Many people will be freaked out about what they're seeing, and it's going to scare folks.
If you're not staying vertical and you're going horizontal, it's going to scare you what's coming.
And then I warn you about the planes and the hackers and the things the Lord tells us, folks.
It's all to the glory of God because he doesn't want any of us caught off guard for what's coming next.
He wants you to know ahead of time. And the only time I'm able to tell you what's coming is by what I get in prayer.
And when I come before you and we pray as a family, I tell you these are things we can avoid and these are things we cannot.
There are certain things that we can, and the Lord said that's why he said pray on the 4th of July.
Stop these men that are trying to rise up. They're being cowards right now, which is good.
The fear of God is inside of them. And he said they're trying to get them to be lone wolf attackers.
And we prayed and nothing happened. Just like he said, 'Pray for an hour.
Just give me an hour, Brandon, with the people that are on your channel.
Give me an hour.'And we did it, folks. And we didn't see anyone rise up and do anything.
And he says, 'Pray over this.'Now, I'm hearing about Bibi and what's going on in Israel with the White House. And he said, 'Pray over this. This is a major deal.
Big decisions are being made right now—a framework of a peace agreement, a covenant of many, all being designed and all coming together right now, right in front of your face.'And many people don't know what's happening in these meetings in the White House as the full moon is here.
I know I keep rehearsing this, but I try to say it over because I say so much and I don't want you to be left out of anything.
I want you to hear it because he's wanting you to be prepared.
So, you know, that's why I try to tell everybody: just because you have somebody come alongside you and help you out of a ditch doesn't mean they're always in your life forever.
I want you to really focus on Jesus in the days ahead, not looking like...
the Lord told me, he said, 'Brandon, you don't need people to help you out for what I've called you to.
Nobody in this generation has walked where I'm telling you to walk on YouTube.'How many YouTubers do you have coming on and praying, doing this?
How can you have an elder tell you how to do it when they've never done it before?
We're doing online stuff. This is totally different. Do you understand?
Healing through the internet, doing these things through the internet.
There are not very many YouTube channels that are praying and doing this, right?
Leading a million-prayer army. We're just doing it because this is the new thing.
Now, before, you had Brother Hagin; they would have to send out flyers and tell everybody what's coming in the town ahead.
And they would do that and they'd have tent meetings. Right now, we just come online.
I say, 'Hey, we're going to go live,'and look how the Lord has made it so easy for all of us to get together from all around the world.
We don't even have to get on a plane to be a part of the meeting.
You just click on there and say, 'Let's pray.'Isn't that wonderful?
How convenient is it that God brought us all together for such a time as this, that we can pray as an army worldwide within just a touch of a button? Isn't that awesome?
I just think it's so cool because Diana told me last night, 'Brandon, we have people from Australia, we have people from Canada, we have people from England, all at the same time, praying all together.'And all together, within that hour and a half, two hours, we had almost 30,000 people praying.
Isn't that amazing? That's a coliseum. That's a huge auditorium full of people praying in the spirit.
Out of 28,000 people, three percent during that thing gave their heart to Jesus Christ last night.
Three percent. That's amazing, the numbers that are coming to Christ last night. We had so many, and I'm telling you, it was amazing.
All the people saying, 'I got born again.'We got the emails, and Diana said, 'There's so many people that gave their hearts to Jesus last night during that live stream, Brandon.'And I thought, 'Well, that's a wonderful...
you know, God will use whatever he can, folks, to get this harvest in.'So, we had a lot of people last night.
Three percent out of 28,000 during that livestream. So, that's amazing, and we give all the glory.
Braden did the math for me, and I'm just like, 'Hey, that's awesome.'So, thank you for being here.
Thank you for watching these videos. Thank you for being a part, helping us, and praying for us the way you all do.
There's a lot of you that say, 'Brandon, I'm praying for you.
You've been on my heart.'And I'm going to tell y'all, I have been underneath more spiritual pressure than I've ever been before in my life.
And I appreciate every single one of your prayers. I truly do.
You've loved on me and my wife, and you just encourage us to keep going.
We have amazing people watching. And you know, I've even heard we have some really huge YouTubers.
Braden told me some huge YouTubers are watching, and I just think that's really cool that y'all would come over and watch us.
You know, we're just doing what God's called us to do. And I want to just welcome you and thank you for joining us every single day.
Hey, I got my haircut. Diana bought those on Amazon Prime Day; she got me some new clippers.
My other ones went dull, and I couldn't cut for a couple of days. I told her, I said, 'Babe, I need some clippers for my hair.
I don't like having long hair, long sides, and having it so I could do that comb-over, you know, like Donald Trump does.'I thought about doing that, and the Lord said, 'Brandon, no.
Keep it all cleaned up.'I don't know, I just want to look nice on camera.
So, all right, well, let's take communion together, let's pray, and let's see what the Holy Spirit has to show us today.
I believe there's more. There's always something. As we pray as a family, as we seek Him, we find Him.
And I believe the best is yet to come for the body of Christ. I'm praying for Judge Torres to release the water hose.
Stop blocking the flow. I'm asking in the name of Jesus. So, we just pray over her heart that that hard, calloused heart would become pliable.
That God softens the hearts of the Pharaohs and He hardens the hearts of the Pharaohs.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that You soften the heart of this pharaoh right now in the name of Jesus.
So, Father, we lift up this body right now before You. We thank You, Lord, for the wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous.
And we call ourselves healed and whole and well by Your stripes today.
And we thank You, Lord, that we have authority over the weather.
We have authority over the heavens. We have authority over the earth. We have authority over finances.
We have authority over our families in healing and wholeness and wellness.
For Christ paid the price of the broken law; He paid the whole price for me.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus, and we lift it up before You, God.
And You've healed us by Your stripes—that You were wounded for our transgressions, You were bruised for our iniquities, the chastisement of our peace was upon You, and with Your stripes, Lord, we are healed.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus, and we thank You, Lord, that we're healed by Your stripes.
No weapon formed against us will prosper, and we give You all the glory for it. Amen. Amen.
Now, Lord, we plead the blood, and we make much of the blood today as we come into Your throne room boldly, and we thank You, Lord.
We apply the blood of Jesus over our finances, over every seed we've sowed. Father, we claim 30, 60, and 100-fold.
We send out our angels right now in the name of Jesus from the north, the south, the east, the west, to go and bring forth the finances in Jesus'name, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We call in the financial harvest. We call in the last outpouring of the finances.
And we say, 'Satan, let our money go. Let it go in Jesus'name.'We call forth millions of dollars into our hands.
We call them in, in Jesus'name. We call it in, in the name of Jesus, into Diana and my hands.
We call that money forth in Jesus'name to get the job done. Thank you, Lord.
That's what you say over your finances. I don't have authority over your finances. Now, I agree with you for your finances to be blessed.
I agree with you that your seeds that you've sowed will be blessed 30, 60, and 100-fold.
Now, you have to speak to your own finances. You have full authority over your money.
And I say everything I put my hands to will prosper in the name of Jesus.
And I call my hands to be blessed. I call my hands to be prosperous.
And I speak to my mind to have witty ideas, to get creative inventions and creative ideas to get wealth, showing me when to invest and when not to, that I'm not too early and I'm not too late.
I'm always on time because I'm hearing You, Lord. And I take authority over my mind, and I bind confusion and any kind of demonic force trying to speak or mess with us in any way causing confusion.
That's what I do all the time. Father, I thank You, Lord. Thank You, Lord, that we're blessed in the city and the field, coming in and going out.
I plead the blood over us today. And I thank You, Lord, that we're at the spout where the glory comes out.
We're always in the right place at the right time. We have favor.
Favor follows us, and it's more than a thousand days of labor—one day of favor, Lord.
I thank You, Lord, for the favor. Favor, favor, favor, favor, favor.
Father, even with our banks, with our house, with our mortgage, with the cars, with our jobs, with your boss, whatever you have, we have favor.
And they go, 'Wow, we've never seen anybody walk in favor.'Like, yeah, because I'm a child of the King.
I'm a child of the King. Favor follows me everywhere. And Father, we plead the blood over our marriage.
We plead the blood over our spouse. We plead the blood over our health.
We plead the blood over everything, Father—everything, our children, whatever it may be.
I thank You, Father. Our stuff doesn't wear out. Our air conditioner, our car, our tires—You rebuke the devourer for our sake, Father.
They last the longest. Thank You, Lord, that our stuff doesn't wear out; it just keeps going.
And they say, 'Man, we've never seen anybody have such good stuff that lasts for so long.'I have tither's rights.
I believe, Father, for the blood that washes over my sins today.
I know this is a little different today, but I just felt like doing it—just coming before Him boldly with communion.
It doesn't have to be cookie-cutter every single time. Don't you think that's boring?
I'm sure God gets kind of bored with it. Be spontaneous. What is it, Father? What? Hey, let's just talk.
I don't have to be so, 'Well, I say this every single time in this order, and if I don't say it in that order, there's no blessing on it.'No, it's just a relationship.
And a relationship is not cookie-cutter; a relationship is spontaneous.
It's fun. If you have a cookie-cutter marriage, I'm sure it's a boring marriage.
'Well, we do this every single day together, and then when we wake up, I give her a kiss on the way to work, and you know, and I tell her bye, and I say it the same way.'You need to spice things up, buddy.
You know what I'm saying? You've got to make it a little spicy.
Quit making it all bland and mundane in your marriage. You've got to spice it up a little bit.
Have some fun, people! People, that's the way it is with the Lord. Spice it up a little bit. Don't make it so boring.
'Well, I read my five scriptures, and then I prayed, and I said my confessions, and I did all that, and, well, see you later, Father.'Come on, man.
We've got to come up higher in it. God is a God that is real, and He wants to be your friend, but He gets bored. I'm sure He gets bored.
He's glad you're there, but at the same time, He's going, 'Well, there he goes again, saying the same prayer again today, Lord.'I mean, Jesus, you know, he said the same thing he said the last 25 times in the last 25 days.
I wonder if he's going to do something different today. Well, nope, he didn't.
Twenty-six. I mean, seriously, let's mix it up a little bit and put some ketchup on it.
I mean, I don't know. Father, I thank you, Lord, for the blood.
I thank you, Lord, for the body. I thank you, Lord, that we're real with you.
And when we get real with God, he becomes real to us. Stop being flaky.
And Lord, we thank you for the blood right now in Jesus'name.
He's holy and he wants relationship with you. Do you realize how much he loves you?
Do you realize how much God loves you and wants you to come out of that spiritual bondage of religion?
The deadness of religion, of 'Well, I'm a Baptist, I'm a Methodist, I'm a Catholic, I'm Episcopalian, I'm charismatic, always been, I'll live and die charismatic,'you know, non-denominational.
Grandpa was, his grandpa was, and his before him, but we all have...
and we have the same pew. I'm telling you what, that's our pew.
If you sit in my pew, I'm telling you what, we are going to have a religious battle right up in here in this church if you sit in Sister So-and-So's pew.
That's her row. That's her row. And if you sit in her row, there's going to be heck to pay.
Come on. It's time to get excited about Jesus and what's coming.
Going through this fall, I just believe it's time to get excited about it all.
A great harvest of souls is going to start to happen, folks. I'm telling you, I feel it.
A shifting, oh, the glory of your presence. Do you believe it today?
We, your people, give you reverence. We worship you, Father. Everything in your life is about to change.
You've been believing to get into full-time ministry and to be into certain things, and you thought the door was never going to open for you to walk through it.
But I'm telling you, there's a paradigm shift coming to you.
Many of you are about to walk in a paradigm shift. Everything's going to change overnight.
You're going to start to see the breakthroughs of what you've been believing for.
You thought you would never ever get to cross the finish line concerning certain things as the leaves begin to change in autumn and the football begins to be thrown.
Push! It's time to push. I hear him say, 'It's time to push. The baby is here.
The outpouring is here. It's time to push, a Holy Ghost push.
It's like the dilation is there. It's time. The baby is here, do you understand?
It's time to push. The point of no return has already passed.
The labor pains—the baby—it's push time. That's what I hear him say.
It's push time. It's time to push it forth. It's time to push it forth in the spirit realm.'How do you push it?
By worship, by praise, like Paul and Silas when they were in there in the midnight hour, and the chains were on them, like they're teaching tonight at church.
They started giving praise. They started giving a shout of worship, and the breakthrough came and the walls began to shake.
It's time to praise him like we've never praised him before.
This is exactly what Chip and Candace were talking about tonight at church.
This is what I'm hearing. This is exactly what I'm telling you all.
I'm just getting it out of the spirit. And the Lord said to me, 'It's praise time.
The birthing time is even more not just prayer, prayer, prayer. It's worship, worship, worship.
It's time for the greatest manifestation of what you've ever been believing for.
But it will come just like it did with Paul and Silas inside of their jail cell giving him praise.'Glory to God.
Oh, Father, we worship you today. Thank you, Father, for the praise will outmatch our prayers today.
Our praise will outmatch our prayers. Father, we worship you.
We give you praise and glory for the birthing of the baby in the spirit realm.
Glory to God. Father, we worship you. Thank you, Jesus, for the blessing.
Thank you, Lord, for the increase. Thank you, Lord, that you're doing what you said you would do.
And, Father, that it's coming to pass at last in the name of Jesus.
Oh, Father, we give you praise. Oh, God, we give you worship and thanksgiving.
And, Father, we thank you, Lord, for the breakthrough in our marriages, our breakthrough in our children, a breakthrough in our finances, a breakthrough in our government, a great breakthrough in the name of Jesus in the spirit realm concerning the glory and the revival that we've all been believing for, for the greater outpouring of the spirit of the Lord.
The former and the latter rain together are coming together.
And I hear the sound of an abundance of rain. I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
Oh, Lord, we praise you. We worship you. For we see the cloud the size of a man's hand.
And, oh, God, we praise you and we worship you. We thank you, Lord, for the rain.
We thank you, Lord, for the rain right now in the name of Jesus.
Glory to God. We thank you for the rain. Can these bones live?
Yes, Lord, I believe they can. We speak to the valley of the dry bones today.
We say they'll live. We say they live in the name of Jesus. They'll get up.
They'll spiritually get up. We thank you, Lord, for a stirring. For you're not going to put new wine into old wineskins.
Father, we call forth the new skins, the new oil, the new wine pouches to be filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
A boldness like we've never seen before. A boldness on your church.
A boldness of the Holy Ghost and fire on your church like we've never seen before. We thank you, Father. We thank you, Lord.
Now, let's just pray in the spirit a little bit and see what he has for us right here.
Okay. I surrender all. I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed Savior, I surrender all.
I think that's what he's looking for right now. He just wants you to surrender all to him as you just sing the song.
I surrender all. I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed Savior, I surrender all.
Do you believe that today? It's time to surrender all to Jesus.
Are you sold out? Are you sold out? I surrender all. I surrender all.
All to thee, my blessed Savior, I surrender all. I surrender my heart, Lord.
I surrender my will. I surrender my all. Lord, I surrender. Lord, I surrender all.
I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed Savior, I surrender all.
Oh, I love that. All to thee, my blessed Savior, I surrender all.
He's bringing refreshing to you today. He's bringing refreshing to you today.
There's a lot of you that just need refreshed. And he said, 'Come unto me all ye that are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.
I'll give you rest. I will give you rest. Take his yoke upon you.'Thank you, Lord.
Father, I thank you, Lord, you give us rest today. A refreshing today in the household of faith.
A refreshing today. A refreshing, a renewal inside of you, a new hope of knowing that God's got this.
God's got this. You have to surrender it to him today. Surrender it to him today.
All to thee, my blessed Savior, I surrender all. My Jesus, I surrender all.
He's at that place of surrender. Have your own way, Lord. Have your own way.
Have your own way, Lord. Have your own way. I surrender all. I surrender all.
All to thee, my blessed Savior, I surrender all. Glory to God.
I surrender all. I like it whenever... Hallelujah, you have won the victory.
Hallelujah. You have given it all for me. Death could not hold you down.
You are the risen king seated in majesty. You are the risen king.
Hallelujah. You have won the victory. Hallelujah. You have given it all for me and death could not hold you down.
You are the risen king seated in majesty. You are the risen king. Hallelujah. Oh, Father, we love you today.
We thank you, Lord, that you've provided that table before us in the presence of all our enemies today.
Thank you, Father, that our cup runneth over today. That surely goodness and mercy follow us all the days of our life.
That in prayer, Lord, we just sit at your feet when you show us the things to come.
I know there's a lot of times you say, "I just want to sit with you a while."No agenda, no premeditated assumptions of what we want out of prayer, but just a yielded "I surrender."Just an "I surrender all to you"without any agenda at all.
I surrender all to you. No matter what I think, "Well, this is what I need to do,"I surrender all to you.
All to thee, my blessed savior. All to him I freely give. I will ever love and trust you.
Take my life, Lord. I freely give. I surrender all. I surrender all.
All to thee, my blessed savior, I surrender all. No matter what I think, all the stuff.
I surrender all, Lord. I know that you have the best plan for my life. I surrender all. I need more of you today, Lord.
I need you to have more of me, taking all the doubt and the confusion and the things that we go through on a day-to-day basis.
I surrender it all. I surrender. I surrender. I surrender. And in that great surrender, that's where I find you every single day.
I surrender all. I surrender my will. I surrender my emotions.
I surrender to you, Father. Have your own way, Lord. Have your own way.
You are the potter, I am the clay. That's all. That's it. It's surrender.
He's just looking today for who will surrender. I hear it so loud inside of me.
He's looking for a great surrender. I surrender all. Will you surrender all to him today?
You're running and you're running and you're running, but where are you running to?
Where are you running? Where are you running from? He's right there with his arms wide open right now waiting on you.
He's ready to kill the fatted calf like it was with the prodigal son, with the prodigal—you could say the prodigal daughter, whatever.
He's right there waiting for you at your place of need but at your place of surrender.
Where will you surrender and allow him to wash you clean today? Where is that place of surrender to you?
It may be, "I'm only allowing him in so far,"but if you open wide the gates to the Father, he'll flood you with his goodness and mercy.
That's why in this prayer time today, I hear, "Will you just surrender to me?
Will you just yield your heart and your life to me? I'm waiting with my arms wide open for every single one of you.
Come unto me, all ye that are heavy laden, and I'll give you rest."There's so many of you that have been running for so long that you haven't had rest in so long.
You don't even remember what it's like to have rest. You live a life that's tormented.
But he wants to take all the baggage and all the chains and all the bondage off of you today and lift you up and give you a new robe—a new robe of righteousness.
"Hey, I've got this."That's what he says. "I've got this."Take a drink of fresh living water today.
Be at that spout where the glory comes out. Drink from that heavenly cup today.
It's a time of refreshing with all the stuff going on, the floods and all the wars and all the things going on.
He says, "I just want you to sit. I have prepared a table before you in the presence of all your enemies.
Rest. Rest."He's a God of rest. I surrender all. Do you surrender all to him?
Stop running today. Stop running today. That's all he's wanting you to do is, "I yield to you, Father.
I'm broken.""I've got this."Like a little child comes up there, "Daddy.
Daddy, I got this broken car."And there's nothing really broken about it other than it just needs the master's touch, needs the dad's touch.
He comes down, he fixes it. He's like, "I made it all new for you, buddy."Do you see that's the way it is with your Father?
He wants to make all things new for you, but it takes you saying, "I surrender all.
I want to make it all new for you."What looked impossible, what looked so impossible and so broken, our heavenly Father can just touch it and just boop, everything's fixed.
But it takes you saying, "I surrender to you today. I surrender to you.
I need you to fix my mess and make it a message. Take my mess and make it a message.
Take what was impossible in my little mind and use this life if you can."Can you do that today?
Of course you can. But you have to yield to him. In that still, small voice, he says, "I love you.
Oh, how I love you. I'll have no other, for I'll love you only.
I'll never forsake you or leave you alone. I'll have no other, for I'll love you only.
I'll never forsake you or leave you alone."You feel that peace. Oh, Father, we worship you today.
Here in your arms, I'll always be at rest in the precious love you have for me.
Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. We surrender all, Father.
We surrender all. Hallelujah. I love you. Oh, how I love you. Father, we thank you, Lord.
You've taken all our baggage, all our burdens, all the things that we've been dealing with, and we lay it at your feet—some of it sickness and disease, some of it's bondage to drugs, alcohol, pornography, sexual perversions of all kinds.
And Jesus wants to take it and just wash it and help you, cleanse you from all unrighteousness.
Washing you clean today as you just say, "I surrender all to you, Father.
I surrender all to you."Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord, that you're—I lift my cup, Lord.
Would you fill it up, Lord? Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me whole.
Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me whole. Oh, thank you, Lord.
Healing flows over their bodies right now from the top of their head to the soles of their feet right now. Each prayer time is so different.
You know, every pulse, every river I come to that he has for you all is always so different in what he's wanting.
And the last two times has been about revival and about a refreshing for his people. It's not all focused on now what's coming on.
He gives you a little bit of something, what I tell you what's happened in my personal time praying with him, but when it comes to you personally, he's just wanting you to be refreshed.
He's just wanting you to take that drink and know that Dad's got this.
Daddy has this and he loves you and he has a plan for your life today.
Thank you, Father. That place of surrender, that place of rest.
Thank you, Father. I surrender all. Thank you, Lord. Such a sweet, sweet presence of the Lord, dear.
I just want to tell you thank you for joining me today. I pray this video blessed you.
Thank you for being here. I pray you've been refreshed. If you're watching this video right now and you say, "Brandon, I don't know Jesus.
I've never accepted the Lord Jesus as my personal savior."I hear you talk about surrender, but I want to be sold out.
I want to accept Jesus Christ as my Lord and personal savior.
If you've never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior, and you've never made him Lord over your life, today's your day. I want to lead you in the sinner's prayer today.
I want you to invite Jesus to be your Lord and personal savior today as you're watching this video and you say, "Man, I want that so bad."It's so easy.
All you have to do is say this prayer after me. Say, "Father,"say, "Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God. I believe you died and you rose again on the third day.
I believe that as of today, I confess my sins and you are faithful and just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Today I want to be born again. Today I want you to make me new and cleanse me.
I turn my back on the devil and every demon force. Today I'm born again. I'm a new creature created in Christ Jesus.
Thank you, Lord, that you've forgiven me and cleansed me from all unrighteousness.
I make you my Lord and personal Savior. Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life. Amen and amen.
Well, if you just said that prayer with us, I want you to tell us right down below.
Say, "I just gave my heart to Jesus Christ today."We want to rejoice with you.
We want to give God praise for what you just did. And I want you to tell us so we can rejoice with you.
Say, "Hey, I have a new beginning today. Today's my new start."And we want to rejoice with you.
Now, what do you do next? You find a Bible-believing church.
You find a church that teaches the Word of God like we have at Collinsville, Oklahoma.
I want you to find a good Bible-believing church. I want you to find a Bible.
I want you to tell the pastor there at that church, at any church, but go to a church, say, "Hey, I need to be water-baptized.
I've never been water-baptized before, and I desire to be water-baptized."All these flies—my little girl left the door open, sorry, and all these flies are coming in here from being outside.
Say, "I need to be water-baptized. I want to be water-baptized and volunteer."Get plugged into that church.
Find a Bible. Now, if you say, "Brandon, I can't afford a Bible. I am at my last dollars here.
I can't afford it."Diana and I, my wife, will buy you a Bible for free on Amazon.
You just have to—in the link down below in the description down below, there's an email address.
Well, you go down there, you tell us, say, "I just got born again watching this broadcast. I can't afford a Bible.
Will you help me get a Bible?"Diana and I will send you a Bible for free just to show you we're excited about your new conversion to Jesus, that you accepted Jesus as your Lord and personal Savior.
And we want to help you with your first Bible. So tell us down below.
We'll go ahead and we'll send it out. Try to get it out here pretty quick.
We have a lot, especially after this last altar call we did last night or whatever it was.
We had a bunch of folks get born again. So we're a little behind. So please have patience with us.
Tell us down in the description down below, and we look forward to hearing from you.
Thank you all for joining me today. I pray this video richly blessed you.
I pray that you got refreshed and that you surrendered. I knew it was on the Father's heart for great surrender today.
There's a lot happening. There's a lot more happening. And as I pray and I seek the Father, He keeps showing me more.
I know the last couple of videos have been about salvation and just a renewal and seeking Him and a yielding, a great big yielded yes, and that's where His heart's been. It's been interesting.
I told Braden, I said, "It's different for me privately in my prayer time than what he's been having with you all publicly."And I said, "Isn't it interesting the pulse has been different?"And so we're learning.
We just flow. So, if you could like, subscribe, click the notification bell, do all the things it helps us to do to get in the algorithm for YouTube.
This is the way it is. We're believing for a million men and women harvest, for a prayer group of a bunch of people wanting to pray with us.
A million people. I'm sorry I butchered that a lot of times. It's like probably the fourth or fifth take.
You can tell I'm tired tonight. I told Braden, I go, "Well, okay, checkup, edit, edit, edit."So, thank you for being here.
And I got to get a fly trap and kill all these pesky flies. Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you and we love you. And we'll see you again next time. God bless you all. Have a blessed night. Bye-bye.